frame_0000.jpg: a group of kids playing basketball in a gym
frame_0001.jpg: a group of people playing with a frc
frame_0002.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0003.jpg: a group of children playing in a large room
frame_0004.jpg: a group of people in a room playing with a ball
frame_0005.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0006.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0007.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0008.jpg: a group of people are playing with a ball
frame_0009.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0010.jpg: a man and a child are playing in a gym
frame_0011.jpg: a group of children playing in a large room
frame_0012.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0013.jpg: a group of kids playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0014.jpg: a group of people playing with a frc
frame_0015.jpg: a group of people are in a gym
frame_0016.jpg: a group of people in a room with a dog
frame_0017.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0018.jpg: a group of people in a room with a large floor
frame_0019.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0020.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0021.jpg: a group of people are in a gym
frame_0022.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0023.jpg: a large room with a lot of windows
frame_0024.jpg: a young boy is playing with a toy
frame_0025.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0026.jpg: a large room with a lot of windows
frame_0027.jpg: a group of people are playing with a frc
frame_0028.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0029.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0030.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0031.jpg: a group of kids playing in a gym
frame_0032.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0033.jpg: a large room with a white floor and a white wall
frame_0034.jpg: a large room with a basketball court and a basketball net
frame_0035.jpg: a large room with a white floor
frame_0036.jpg: a large room with a basketball court and a basketball net
frame_0037.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0038.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0039.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0040.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0041.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0042.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball
frame_0043.jpg: a large room with a basketball court and a ball
frame_0044.jpg: a large room with a basketball court and a basketball net
frame_0045.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0046.jpg: a young boy is running in a gym
frame_0047.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0048.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0049.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0050.jpg: a young boy is playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0051.jpg: a group of children playing basketball in a gym
frame_0052.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0053.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0054.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0055.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0056.jpg: a group of kids playing in a gym
frame_0057.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0058.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0059.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0060.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0061.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0062.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0063.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0064.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0065.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0066.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0067.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0068.jpg: a group of people playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0069.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0070.jpg: a group of children playing with a ball in a gym
frame_0071.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0072.jpg: a group of children playing in a gym
frame_0073.jpg: a group of children playing basketball in a gym