frame_0000.jpg: a group of people dancing in a room
frame_0001.jpg: a group of people standing around a table
frame_0002.jpg: a man in a white coat is standing in front of a mirror
frame_0003.jpg: a woman standing in front of a refrigerator
frame_0004.jpg: a woman standing in a room with a red wall
frame_0005.jpg: a woman sitting at a table with a piano
frame_0006.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food
frame_0007.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food
frame_0008.jpg: a group of people standing around a table
frame_0009.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with a cake
frame_0010.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food
frame_0011.jpg: a woman sitting at a table with a man
frame_0012.jpg: a woman sitting at a table with a piano
frame_0013.jpg: a woman is playing the piano in a room
frame_0014.jpg: a man is standing in front of a manne
frame_0015.jpg: a woman is standing in front of a table with food
frame_0016.jpg: a woman is standing over a table with food
frame_0017.jpg: a woman is sitting at a table with a bunch of food
frame_0018.jpg: a woman is standing in front of a piano
frame_0019.jpg: a group of people standing around a table
frame_0020.jpg: a group of people are gathered around a table
frame_0021.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0022.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food
frame_0023.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0024.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food
frame_0025.jpg: a woman is cutting a cake in a restaurant
frame_0026.jpg: a group of people are gathered around a table
frame_0027.jpg: a group of people sitting around a table
frame_0028.jpg: a woman in a green jacket
frame_0029.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0030.jpg: a woman standing in front of a window
frame_0031.jpg: a woman standing in a kitchen
frame_0032.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0033.jpg: a group of people sitting around a table
frame_0034.jpg: a group of people are gathered around a table
frame_0035.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with a cake
frame_0036.jpg: a group of people standing around a table
frame_0037.jpg: a group of people are gathered around a table
frame_0038.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0039.jpg: a group of people standing around a table
frame_0040.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0041.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table
frame_0042.jpg: a woman standing in front of a table with food