frame_0000.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed with a baby
frame_0001.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed with a baby
frame_0002.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0003.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0004.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0005.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0006.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a baby
frame_0007.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a baby
frame_0008.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading to a child
frame_0009.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0010.jpg: a woman and a child sitting on a bed
frame_0011.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0012.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0013.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading to a child
frame_0014.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0015.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0016.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0017.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0018.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0019.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading to a child
frame_0020.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0021.jpg: a woman reading a book to a child
frame_0022.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0023.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0024.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0025.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0026.jpg: a woman sitting on a bed reading a book to a child
frame_0027.jpg: a woman reading to a child on a bed
frame_0028.jpg: a woman and a child sitting on a bed
frame_0029.jpg: a woman and a child are sitting on the floor
frame_0030.jpg: a little girl sitting on the floor
frame_0031.jpg: a woman sitting on the floor