frame_0000.jpg: a man and a baby sitting on a rug
frame_0001.jpg: a man and a baby sitting on a rug
frame_0002.jpg: a man sitting on a couch holding a baby
frame_0003.jpg: a man sitting on a couch holding a baby
frame_0004.jpg: a man and a baby playing with a toy
frame_0005.jpg: a man and a baby playing with a toy
frame_0006.jpg: a man sitting on a rug with a baby
frame_0007.jpg: a man and a woman sitting on the floor with a dog
frame_0008.jpg: a man sitting on the floor with a baby
frame_0009.jpg: a woman sitting on a couch with a child
frame_0010.jpg: a baby sitting on the floor playing with a woman
frame_0011.jpg: a woman sitting on a couch in a living room
frame_0012.jpg: a baby is sitting on the floor with his mother
frame_0013.jpg: a man is playing with a baby in a living room
frame_0014.jpg: a baby is sitting on the floor and playing with a toy
frame_0015.jpg: a baby sitting on the floor
frame_0016.jpg: a baby is playing with a toy in the living room
frame_0017.jpg: a man and a woman playing a video game
frame_0018.jpg: a man holding a baby in his lap
frame_0019.jpg: a man and a baby playing with a toy
frame_0020.jpg: a man sitting on the floor with a baby
frame_0021.jpg: a man sitting on the floor with a baby
frame_0022.jpg: a man is sitting on a chair in a living room
frame_0023.jpg: a man is standing in front of a fireplace
frame_0024.jpg: a man holding a baby in his lap
frame_0025.jpg: a man sitting on the floor with a baby
frame_0026.jpg: a man sitting on a couch with a baby
frame_0027.jpg: a man sitting on a couch with a baby
frame_0028.jpg: a baby is playing with a toy in a living room
frame_0029.jpg: a man and a baby playing with a remote
frame_0030.jpg: a man and a dog playing with each other dogs
frame_0031.jpg: a man and woman sitting in a living room
frame_0032.jpg: a man holding a baby in his lap
frame_0033.jpg: a blur of a person walking down a hallway
frame_0034.jpg: a man and a little girl playing with a toy
frame_0035.jpg: a man and two children playing with a dog
frame_0036.jpg: a man and two children playing on a rug
frame_0037.jpg: a man and a little girl playing with a dog
frame_0038.jpg: a man and two children playing with a toy
frame_0039.jpg: a woman and two children playing with a rug
frame_0040.jpg: a group of people playing with a baby
frame_0041.jpg: a baby is playing with a toy in the living room
frame_0042.jpg: a group of children playing with a rug
frame_0043.jpg: a woman and two children playing with a baby