frame_0000.jpg: a man is skiing down a snowy hill
frame_0001.jpg: a person on skis going down a snowy hill
frame_0002.jpg: a person is skiing down a snowy hill
frame_0003.jpg: a man is skiing down a snowy hill
frame_0004.jpg: a person is skiing down a snowy hill
frame_0005.jpg: a man and a child skiing down a hill
frame_0006.jpg: a man skiing down a hill
frame_0007.jpg: a man and a child skiing down a hill
frame_0008.jpg: a man and a child skiing down a mountain
frame_0009.jpg: a man and a child skiing down a hill
frame_0010.jpg: a man is skiing down a snowy hill
frame_0011.jpg: a man is skiing down a hill with a snowboard
frame_0012.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a hill
frame_0013.jpg: a person on a snowboard in the snow
frame_0014.jpg: a person on a snowboard in the snow
frame_0015.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a hill
frame_0016.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a hill
frame_0017.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a snowy hill
frame_0018.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a snowy hill
frame_0019.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a snowy hill
frame_0020.jpg: a person is snowboarding on a snowy slope